the first thing a leader must adjust who would be stress? This job and
this career path is very stressful. So you will have to learn how to
operate and live with stress. Constant nonstop stress. How do you
do that? Um, you prioritize certain things and you learn new techniques.
So one of those things would be time management. You have to learn
how to balance your time between certain activities at work, certain
stresses at work, certain things that work and learn when to shut
him on and off, you know, accordingly. Um, also finding a time too,
Uh, focus on yourself, which are mental and physical hill in your
home life. So those things will help help a leader, balance and stress
and time management.